[PLAY-1586] Timeline Sub Sub Components (#3801)
powerhome/playbook: playbook/app/pb_kits/playbook/pb_timeline/docs/_timeline_with_children.md

> You can use whatever kit you want for the label, step, or detail sections of a timeline's event item.
> 
> Checkout the code in this example to see the children kits in action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any kit can be used inside of our compound components of label, step, or detail. Expand the code snippet below to see how to use these children elements.
```

> 

Reviewer: Let's update the copy to reflect the new names as well, once you change those.

Author: this has been upated
